{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1035{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red165\green165\blue165;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\lang11\f0\fs40 SUPER CRYPTARK: EXTENDED\par
\cf1\i\fs22 Upgrading the Super Cryptark: Armageddon mod\cf0\i0\par
\par
\b\fs32 Paradigms:\b0\fs22\par
\strike\fs18 lightmaps\strike0\par
\strike ideate variants\strike0\par
\strike use more smart projectiles\par
\strike0 standardize projectiles and weapons\par
make sure to update characters/exosuits to use the new names\par
\strike start with creating all projectiles first\par
\strike0 make defence category useful\strike\par
add tiers to weapon/item names\par
adjust rarity to complement above (1, 2 and 3)\strike0\par
\strike reconfigure alien enemy weapon arsenal to be safe/seperate from player arsenal\fs22\par
\strike0\par
\par
\b\fs32 Todo:\b0\fs22\par
\strike Tricannister spread vs precision fix\strike0\par
\strike cyclerifle to auto\strike0\par
\strike faster and better perfomance optimized EMP blasts\strike0\par
\strike protonbeam emp stun time up\par
emp field stun time up\par
aggressively optimize emp field(s) performance\strike0\par
\strike boost rammer ammo limit\strike0\par
\strike slimo reduce lag\strike0\par
\strike make heavy machinegun slow effect lesser (ultra gets more)\strike0\par
tone down enemies and emp in Hell Fortress & Super Cryptark, reduce lag\par
\strike rename items and reconfigure repeat stat booster items (no RoF for nitro, standard recharge for Super Saiyan)\strike0\par
\strike increase nuke rocket scale\par
Projectiles: bfg explosion grenade, flame grenade, bullet grenades (zipmicro, medium, heavy, frag, mega rounds, mortar, autocannon, vampire/heatseeking), stun grenade(flashbang), graviton beam particle, swarmed rocket grenade, [make some grenades homing/sticky], gas grenades, big nuke grenades, huge tungsten heat rod, gren-mg (normal, homing zip gun)\par
Copy ayylmao projectiles as plasma projectiles for player weps.\par
Add resized smg casings for MMG, HMG, FRG, MEGMG, AC, COIL, LBX, SG and apply to appropriate weps.\strike0\par
\strike Reconfigure Blaster weapon to be a MMG style infiammo variant.\strike0\par
\strike jockey playshot reclassified as fast blaster round, recolor to green\par
green blasters have limited range\par
make yellow blasters with long range and more power\strike0\par
\strike make blue shield weaker variant for pirate exos\par
make sure ripsaw has low enough timebeforecharge (0.5 sec)\par
make electro rocket, electro blaster shot, give zap shotgun a blue bomb texture 0.2 scale\par
regular bullet glow size smaller.\par
helix caster remove aim slow penalty.\par
helix minimize knockback.\par
helix reduce projectile size.\strike0\par
study lighmaps - they affect weapon colors, refractions and glows.\par
\strike lighmaps - they are built as AMBIENT LIGHT + DIRECTIONAL LIGHTS.\strike0\par
\strike lightmaps - disable all directional lights and use only ambient. See how that'll work.\strike0\par
\strike lightmaps - increase ambient light levels to 0.7-0.9 range.\strike0\par
lightmaps - focus on high ambient light + subtle low directional lights as highlights.\par
lightmaps - test gameplay using ONLY dir_ lightmaps, while turning off the others.\par
slimegunspray broken - bad projectile count(?).\par
\strike space nuke (activatable in space, while in flight mode. see if possible. experimental.)\par
\strike0 new AAAAA weapon; basically serious sam grenade with 2x explosion radius of a rocket.\par
Improve vac burst and aero burst items (remove projectiles on use maybe?)\par
loader UPG icon remove\par
AEGIS multi use\par
AEGIS try adding health to shield\par
Chaingun, reduce inaccuracy, but increase spread, so that extreme precision does not make the gun into a bullet laser. chaingun is meant to have spread.\par
Add minigun and chaingun variants to all bullet type weapons. Expensive, lots o ammo that is expended fast, but quite powerful.\par
Minigun = Minimal or no windup, small inherent spread, move/aim restricted heavily\par
Chaingun = Significant wind up, large spread, minimal move/aim restriction\par
Create and enable all the rest of the lightmaps - good standard has been achieved!\par
Reduce shuffle systems on Hell Fortress by atleast 2. Must reduce the lag during shuffles.\par
rename stealth items (both CON and USE variants)\par
give an enhanced movement option to all default loadouts to each exosuit.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs32 New Weapons:\b0\fs22\par
smart shotgun\par
vampiric devourer spread zip gun weapon T3\par
zapshotgun projectiles repurposed for burning aoe fires as payload for other weapon\par
shiva octalaser\par
CN pulverizer\par
CN MegaSplitmissile\par
CN MacrossMassarce\par
Swarm missle shotgun\par
burst laser\par
CN electrostorm\par
vampire rifle\par
vampire rifle smart\par
vampire missle/cannon/grenade (initial hit for recyc-mode, lingering aura kills enemy)\par
CN gluon cannon (proton beam lethal version)\par
double sided shield (?)\par
smart cycle rifle\par
smart cannon\par
smart multicannon\par
slug cannon\par
frag machine gun\par
ultra heavy assault rifle\par
ultra heavy smart gun\par
CN smart chaingun\par
CN Megaton GFB\par
micro GFB\par
smart GFB\par
360 cannon\par
360 smart cannon\par
smart pulsar\par
smart helix\par
mini storm hammer repeater\par
lightning emp emitter\par
ammo operated energy weapons (chemical ammo)\par
smart burner\par
CN inferno flamer/burner\par
Graviton beam emitter (ghost bullet with lethal aura, traveling slow enough to register the 9000 damage it deals)\par
CN graviton ray attack\par
CN graviton 360 blast\par
CN graviton machine gun\par
CN graviton smart rifle\par
blaster smart\par
blaster burst\par
blaster shotgun/auto +smart\par
blaster chaingun\par
blaster smart swarm shotgun\par
aura projectile weapons (rad, emw, therm, gravi, par-emiss, microw)\par
-smart, cannon, repeating, semi-auto, machineguns, multiprojectile\par
high velocity cannons\par
slow velocity cannons\par
big berthas\par
laser variations (var damage, range, ammo, regen rate/delay, beam number, beam spread, color, rate of fire, pulse vs stream)\par
360 penta, septa, octa, tri spread machine gun, cannon, burst gun\par
smart cannister cannon\par
CN Killgun (fires a single bullet with enourmous damage aura, very low ammo)\par
barrage burstfire cannons (heavy and lite)\par
CN Cannon Hell\par
double/triple/quad missile launchers\par
CN zip bee swarm maw\par
zipgun helix\par
close range bullet shredder melee\par
thermal javelin non-retrievable needler\par
CN Grenade Expulsion\par
ClusterNukeGrenade\par
MicroNuke weapons\par
Laser Sword Melee\line CN Gravity Tractor Sword Melee\par
gasvent forward emission\par
gasoline/napalm grenades/cannons/rockets\par
prism phase laser\par
barricade shield 90, 180, 360 versions\par
super repulsor shield\par
pulverizer codename\par
Frag MGs (frag projectile, bouncy piercing)\par
Mega Mgs (non-explosive cannon bullet mg, stun)\par
Bolters Mgs (mini rocket mg)\par
Thunderstruck weapon CN\par
buster rifle (railgun burst fire autoshotgun)\par
blue torch flamer\par
wide spread flamer\par
plasma grenades, explosives (use bfg explosion as payload)\par
reverse engineered alien plasma projectile weapons\par
Full Mechwarrior Weapon Set\par
SRM, LRM, PPC, Long Tom, Thunderbolt, Arrow IV, AC 10, Medium Rockets, Inferno Rockets, Bombast Laser (charge), LBX 20, Grenade Launcher, Grenade Machine Gun, ATM 10, Hyper AC, Gauss Gun (extra large coilgun with cannon rounds)\par
\strike Lasers:\par
create a set of beam and pulse lasers (various colors) (fade out time var)\par
-red, yellow, blue, cyan, darkgreen, skyblue, crimson red, white, black, orange\par
rename autoplasmabeam\par
MW3-4 style lasers, cyan emp laser, yellow heavy, purple x-ray, skyblue concussive\strike0\par
\par
\par
\b\fs32 New Items:\b0\fs22\par
\fs18 new turrets\par
-cannon, missile, shotgun, machine gun, burner, smart\par
-railgun, multilaser, recycler/vampire, electro lightning\par
new drones\par
-same as above with new weps\par
-also try to have actual enemies/exosuits as drones\par
\strike overhaul deployable nukes/remonukes\par
-multiple explosion size - small < medium < mega <<<<<< armageddon\par
-multiple uses - 1, 3, 5, 9, 30\strike0\par
fast explosives & high damage vs slow, lingering & low damage vs slow,high damage infernos.\par
\strike ragnarok green neutron mega nuke enemy wipe super weapon (no damage to systems)\strike0\par
\strike rapid mini cloak item (10 sec at a time, reusable.)\strike0\par
\strike proportional delays and activation code lenghts for the size/danger factor of each nuke\par
killburst (knockback cannister, kill edition)\strike0\par
\strike knockback cannister super edition (ridiculous force)\strike0\par
\strike tloc hyper\strike0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\b\fs32 Experimental Stuff:\fs22\par
\b0\fs18 blacksuit mk2 for excavation\par
blacksuit shield deployer\par
\strike lightschemes updated\strike0\par
super vortex cannon, guided remote rocket (extreme suck size)\par
beehive character launcher\par
Bee swarmer projectile for weapons\par
extra enemies for harder tier levels (jackal, bomber, spikedog etc. but with new weapon)\par
new maps(copied from existing) to populate with new enemies\par
Add different color casings for speciality weapons (green for chemical fueled energy weapons, blue for emp/stun, also possibly red for incendiary/vampiric) with scale of 1.4 per casing. (between regular 1.0 and big 2.0 casing sizes)\fs22\par
}
 